either welcome to another edition of the
football spy show on this Tuesday
morning we've got big clubs and big
names in the frame today with a
telegraph the Sun and the independent or
reporting today that Manchester United
are interested in the Chelsea midfielder
Frank Lampard they all say sir alex
ferguson favors a summer move rather
than a january transfer with lamp as
agent making it very clear but there is
no way back for the england midfielder
at Stamford Bridge but they do say that
contact has been made between Old
Trafford and Lampard representatives the
times this morning could have the reason
why they say Chelsea will identify the
Everton midfielder marouane fellaini as
their preferred a replacement for
Lampard and are ready to trigger is 22
million pound buyout clause the
interesting thing here is that if
Fellaini does have a buyout clause of
that amount then you'd imagine United
would be in for him as he fits their
profile of being young talented and
having resale value these buyout clause
is saving Chelsea from being ripped off
in the transfer market with a 7 million
pounds they paid for Newcastle's best
striker a Denver bargain see what I did
there Fellaini would solve all kinds of
problems for both Rafa Benitez and so
Alex as he can play anywhere across the
midfield is so versatile so we'll see
what happens there no talk of big money
moves is complete without mentioning
Manchester City so let's put that right
in our own Daily Mirror the 24 year old
attacker tayson from metalist kharkiv
could be hijacked by city with chelsea
poised deciding the ukrainian side are
believed to want more money for him and
fancy their chances with a city keen
also in Italy lot sir talk about the
citizens being interested in Napoli
striker edinson cavani to just bought
reporting a very big bid believe that
when I see it also the papers in Italy
reporting that there is interest from a
lot of cereal clubs in edin dzeko we'll
see what happens with that
so quick ones for you at the time say
that swans you have agreed to sell the
forward Danny Graham to Sunderland
Graham scored six goals in all
competitions so far this season
including three in his last three
appearances skysports say a blackburn of
rejected a bid from West Ham for the
defender Martin Olsson the French daily
L'Equipe say that Spurs have made a late
bid to sign a talented playmaker younes
belhanda from under the noses of the
Turkish club fenerbahçe and the mail say
Fulham are working on a deal for Spurs
midfielder Tom Huddlestone will be very
interesting to see that one comes off
we've got no one but two videos on the
show today from our men on the ground
giving you the word on the street Chris
Lipowski from the Birmingham Mail very
shortly but firstly rider from the
Newcastle Chronicle on the world that
Alan Pardew needs to do to save the
Magpies from relegation so welcome back
to Newcastle for the Northeast edition
of football spy obviously new casino in
desperate need of some players during
the window it couldn't come at a bad
time for Alan Pardew but lots of work
going on behind the scenes obviously
Matthew to buchi is a already through
the door as Newcastle's first January
sign and I think the fans are looking
forward to seeing him get out there
straightaway and obviously Denver bar as
a guard to Chelsea so he's in desperate
need a replacement for him and Newcastle
believe that Loic Remy of Marcy can be
that man they've already had a look at
him the bill upon him for a while and
they spend the weekend over in France
talking about a price and hopefully they
can get that one tied up this week a lot
of competition for remy at the moment
but as far as other areas are concerned
you know in your castle still in need of
a centre back it's been a couple of
names mentioned already and one name
that seems to be ruled out with Douglas
of air FC twente but the striker is the
main priority that will be the first
port of call
remy is hopefully going to be a deal and
Newcastle can get done and dusted this
week thanks Lee just on your daily Loic
Remy the word coming out of France is
that inter milan have joined newcastle
it in the race to sign and QPR look to
be falling behind in that particular
race the mirror reporting today that
shaun wright-phillips was thrown into
the bargain by harry redknapp without
success west brom are enjoying a great
season so far under steve clarke who
could yet be making a few moves himself
this january his chris Lipowski from the
birmingham mail to tell us just what the
baggies boss might be up to Chris good
morning from the Birmingham poster mail
newsroom not much to report at the
moment of the hawthorns steve clarke's
just assessing b squad really he has one
or two injuries which might affect what
it is over the coming weeks maybe one or
two players to leave to speculation over
Craig Dawson but at the moment he'll be
remaining at the club Graham dominance
is another one who could yet leave if
the circumstances are right but West
Brom to have injury problems so it's a
case of weight and seen that respect
that's all for now over to you thanks
Chris the football spy show is back with
you for 2013 I back in the morning I'll
see you